Compliance

  This is not a legal notice, so do not treat it as one. This is
intended as "plain English" advice for the average person to ensure
they comply with licenses in this software in the most simple way. It takes
the position of "comply with the MOST restrictive license in this
aggregation and then you will comply with all." If you have any doubts,
please consult the full license COPYING files and a lawyer. Take this
as a rough guide.

The simple advice

  Do this and you won't go too wrong.

1. Provide the content of ALL of the COPYING, AUTHORS and licenses/COPYING.*
files as printed material with your product and/or in a dialog (e.g.
an "about" dialog) in your product user interface.
2. Provide a URL from which to be able to download "tar files" with
ALL of the source of this software exactly as it was when used to compile the
binaries for your product. Keep this URL valid for the lifetime of the product.
3. Unless you are doing PS3 (PSl1ght) development any libraries or
applications you write that use EFL are yours and you do not need to
make the source available. That means if you link to EFL dynamically.
If you copy in EFL source into your application or library or
statically link, then you will need to provide full source of whatever
statically links or copies any of this software into yours.
4. If you made changes to EFL it would be appreciated if you
interacted with us (see http://www.enlightenment.org) and provided the
changes you made in patch form BEFORE you ship a product, so they may
be reviewed to see if you have made any mistakes and perhaps have
created problems you do not know of yet.

F.A.Q.

Q. Where is the licensing information?
A. See the COPYING file here and then the COPYING.* files inside the
licenses directory that it references. These are the proper legal
pieces of information you will need.

Q. Do I need to make the source public of libraries or applications that I
build on top of EFL?
A. No

Q. Do I need to provide the source for EFL?
A. Yes. In general you do. If you are shipping any of the binaries or
libraries that are produced, you must provide the EXACT source code
used to build those binaries.

Q. If I have to provide source, how should I do this?
A. The best way is to provide a reference in an "about" dialog in the
product that ships the EFL libraries/tools that gives a URL from
which the source can be downloaded EXACTLY as you used to compile EFL.
You may not simply point to upstream repositories and pass the problem
to someone else. You MUST provide the source exactly as used.

  You MAY also provide the source code itself on the product itself
(e.g. on its filesystem) (provide the tar archives of the source), or in
place of a download link if you do not believe you will be able to
maintain that download link for the lifetime of the product.

  You MAY also (or instead of the above 2) provide the source on media
(CD, DVD, flash etc.) that accompany the product.

  Choose 1 or more of the above methods and you will be fine.

Q. Do I need to reproduce the license information in the COPYING* files?
A. Yes. You must provide these with your product, and just like the
source code, provide them as part of the user interface in full (e.g.
in a dialog), or as files in the filesystem, on actual printed
material (manuals, papers) that accompany the product or in CD, DVD
etc. media.

Q. Is there a simpler list of do's and don'ts i can use?
A. Yes. See http://www.tldrlegal.com. specifically:

http://www.tldrlegal.com/license/bsd-2-clause-license-(freebsd)
http://www.tldrlegal.com/license/gnu-lesser-general-public-license-v2.1-(lgpl-2.1)
http://www.tldrlegal.com/license/gnu-general-public-license-v2-(gpl-2)
http://www.tldrlegal.com/license/zlib-libpng-license-(zlib)

Then match this up with the licensing listed in COPYING.
