Q: Why is EVAS faster with software acceleration than than when I run it
   with hardware acceleration switched on?

A: When run with hardware acceleration EVAS uses the GL libraries on your
   system; this means that if you have Mesa installed then EVAS will use
   the Mesa GL liberties. Mesa however only provides software acceleration
   and therefore will run slow compared to EVASs in-built software mode. If
   you have a video card that supports hardware acceleration then you should
   attempt to get the manufacturers own GL drivers for your computer and
   install them making sure that none of the Mesa libraries are left behind
   and that where needed sym-links are made to the real drivers.

Q: Why is 'program x' which uses EVAS so slow?

A: See last question. The chance is that the program is trying to use
   hardware acceleration by default and that you have Mesa GL libraries
   installed on your system. If you don't have acceleration on your video
   card then you should search for a way to switch to software acceleration
   in the program.

Q: Is there a packaged version of SGI's GLU Implementation for my computer
   anywhere?

A: At present SGI's GLU Implementation is available only in the form of a
   Redhat package from http://www.mesa3d.org/downloads/sgi.html. You should
   download this package and convert it to whatever distribution you are
   on using "alien".

Q: Why is my CPU usage at 100% when I use a program running EVAS?

A: When used in software mode, EVAS will use a lot of CPU. In hardware
   mode however it depends on your OpenGL drivers. What a lot of drivers
   do is limit buffer buffer swaps to vertical blanking gaps only. This
   means that the buffers wont be swapped until the vertical blanking gap
   is reached, however since there is no method of using interrupts under
   Linux/X the GL drivers have to poll in a tight loop waiting for the gap.
   Also if the GL libs are accessing the GFX hardware directory then if the
   hardware is busy then the app will sit and poll registers until the
   hardware is ready. It's basically down to your OpenGL drivers. It's worth
   noting as well that your CPU will be high whenever you run evas_test as
   it is pushing your system to try and achieve the highest frame rate it
   can, a situation that most software using EVAS will never be in.
